that night the king could not sleep so
one was commanded to bring the book of
the records of the Chronicles and they
were read before the king and it was
found written that Mordecai had told a
big Famer and cherish two of the Kings
eunuchs the doorkeepers would sought to
lay hands on King Ahasuerus then the
king said what honor or dignity has been
bestowed upon Mordecai for this nothing
has been done for him who was in the
court now Haman had just entered the
outer court of the king's palace to
suggest that the King hang Mordecai on
the gallows that he had prepared for him
the King's servants said to him Haman is
there standing in the court let him come
in
[Music]
so Haman came in and the King asked him
what shall be done for the man whom the
King delights to honor our Haman thought
in his heart whom would the King delight
to honor more than me for the man whom
the King delights to honor let a royal
robe be brought which the king is worn
and a horse on which the King is written
which has a royal crest placed on its
head then let this robe and horse be
delivered to the hand of one of the
Kings most noble Prince's that he may
array the man whom the King delights to
honor then parade him on horseback
through the city square and proclaimed
before him thus shall it be done to the
man whom the King delights to honor
hurry take the robe and the horse as you
have suggested and do so for Mordecai
the Jew who sits within the Kings gate
leave nothing undone of all that you
have spoken
so Haman took the robe on the horse
arrayed Mordecai and led him on
horseback through the city square and
proclaimed before him thus shall it be
done to the man whom the King delights
to honor afterward
Mordecai went back to the Kings games
but Haman hurried to his house morning
and with his head covered when Haman
told his wife 0sh and all his friends
everything that had happened to him his
wise men and his wife zerah said to him
if Mordecai before whom you have begun
to fall is of Jewish descent you will
not prevail against him but will surely
fall before him while they were still
talking with him the Kings eunuchs came
and hastened to bring Haman to the
banquet which Esther had prepared
[Music]
you